Describe the limitation of INDEX function (#981)
handsontable/hyperformula: docs/guide/built-in-functions.md

| :--- |:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|
| CHOOSE | Uses an index to return a value from a list of up to 30 values.                                                        | CHOOSE(Index; Value1; ...; Value30)                 |
| COLUMN | Returns column number of a given reference or formula reference if argument not provided.                              | COLUMNS([Reference])                                |
| COLUMNS | Returns the number of columns in the given reference.                                                                  | COLUMNS(Array)                                      |
| FORMULATEXT | Returns a formula in a given cell as a string.                                                                         | FORMULATEXT(Reference)                              |
| HLOOKUP | Searches horizontally with reference to adjacent cells to the bottom.                                                  | HLOOKUP(Search_Criterion; Array; Index; Sort_Order) |

> | INDEX | Returns the content of a cell, specified by row and column number. The column parameter is optional and defaults to 1. | INDEX(Range; Row[; Column])                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| INDEX | Returns the contents of a cell specified by row and column number. The column number is optional and defaults to 1. | INDEX(Range; Row [; Column])                         |
```

- It's content**s**, not content
- The comma shouldn't be there (changes the meaning)
- IMO either "the `Column` parameter" or "the column number"

Author: Thanks a lot!
